# User Registration Endpoint Documentation

## Endpoint: `/users/register/`

### Method: POST

### Description:
This endpoint is used to register a new user. The user must provide their first name, last name, email, and password.

### Request Body:
The request body must be a JSON object containing the following fields:

- `email`: A valid email address.
- `fullName.firstName`: The first name of the user, which must be at least 3 characters long.
- `fullName.lastName`: The last name of the user (optional), which must be at least 3 characters long if provided.
- `password`: A password that must be at least 6 characters long.

Example:
```json
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "fullName": {
        "firstName": "John",
        "lastName": "Doe"
    },
    "password": "password123"
}
```
Response: \
201 Created: The user was successfully registered.\
400 Bad Request: The request body is invalid or missing required fields.\
500 Internal Server Error: An error occurred on the server.\
Status Codes:
201: User created successfully.\
400: Invalid input data.\
500: Server error.

Example Request:
```
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/users/register/ 
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "fullName": {
        "firstName": "John",
        "lastName": "Doe"
    },
    "password": "password123"
}'

{
    "token": "A random JWT GENERATED TOKEN",
    "user": {
        "id": "60d0fe4f5311236168a109ca",
        "email": "user@example.com",
        "fullName": {
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Doe"
        },
        "password":"a user generated password"
    }
}
```

# User Login Endpoint Documentation

## Endpoint: `/users/login/`

### Method: POST

### Description:
This endpoint is used to log in an existing user. The user must provide their email and password.

### Request Body:
The request body must be a JSON object containing the following fields:

- `email`: A valid email address.
- `password`: A password that must be at least 6 characters long.

Example:
```json
{
    "email": "user@example.com",
    "password": "password123"
}

Example Response:
{
    "token": "A random JWT GENERATED TOKEN",
    "user": {
        "id": "A random ID generated by the DB",
        "email": "user@example.com",
        "fullName": {
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Doe"
        }
    }
}